c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LedControls\LedControls\bin\x86\Debug\SimpleLed.xbf
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LedControls\LedControls\bin\x86\Debug\LedControls.xr.xml
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LedControls\LedControls\bin\x86\Debug\LedControls.dll
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LedControls\LedControls\bin\x86\Debug\LedControls.pdb
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LedControls\LedControls\bin\x86\Debug\LedControls.pri
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LedControls\LedControls\obj\x86\Debug\SimpleLed.g.i.cs
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LedControls\LedControls\obj\x86\Debug\SimpleLed.g.cs
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LedControls\LedControls\obj\x86\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LedControls\LedControls\obj\x86\Debug\SimpleLed.xaml
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LedControls\LedControls\obj\x86\Debug\SimpleLed.xbf
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LedControls\LedControls\obj\x86\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LedControls\LedControls\obj\x86\Debug\LedControls.dll
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LedControls\LedControls\obj\x86\Debug\LedControls.pdb
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LedControls\LedControls\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LedControls\LedControls\obj\x86\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LedControls\LedControls\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LedControls\LedControls\obj\x86\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LedControls\LedControls\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LedControls\LedControls\obj\x86\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LedControls\LedControls\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LedControls\LedControls\obj\x86\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LedControls\LedControls\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LedControls\LedControls\obj\x86\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LedControls\LedControls\obj\x86\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\alan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LedControls\LedControls\obj\x86\Debug\LedControls.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
